Add a new section to the docs about memray performance (#286)
bloomberg/memray: docs/performance.rst

Performance
===========

> This section contains an analysis of the overhead of running ``memray`` over different

Reviewer: Typographic nit: you've consistently used \`\`memray\`\` here to refer to the name of the tool. I've tried to consistently use Memray as the name of the tool in all of our other docs pages, and I use \`\`memray\`\` only when I'm referring to the name of the importable module or the entry point script.

* Disk: 512GB (1x512GB) Intel 760p M.2 PCIe NVMe SSD - 3230MB/s Read & 1625MB/s Write
* CPU: Intel(R) Core™ i9-9980XE Extreme Edition Processor
* Python: 3.10.9 (LTO + PGO)
* Memray version: 1.5.0
* Libunwind version: libunwind 1.6.2-2
* Libz4 version: libz4 1.9.4-1
* Libc version: glibc 2.36-6
* Compiler version: gcc 12.2.0-1

System state
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* CPU: use 2 logical CPUs: 17,35
* Perf event: Maximum sample rate: 1 per second
* ASLR: Full randomization
* Linux scheduler: Isolated CPUs (2/36): 17,35
* Linux scheduler: RCU disabled on CPUs (2/36): 17,35
* CPU Frequency: 0-16,18-34=min=1200 MHz, max=3000 MHz; 17,35=min=max=3000 MHz
* CPU scaling governor (intel_pstate): performance
* Turbo Boost (intel_pstate): Turbo Boost disabled
* IRQ affinity: Default IRQ affinity: CPU 0-16,18-34

Source of the overhead
----------------------

The overhead of running ``memray`` comes from two places:

- A `Python profile function <https://docs.python.org/3/library/sys.html#sys.setprofile>`_ implemented in
  C++. This function is called every time a Python function is called or returns
  and is used to register the function calls so ``memray`` can reconstruct the

>   stack trace of every allocations. Although the overhead is very very small, it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  stack trace of every allocation. Although the overhead is very, very small, it
```

>   is not negligible. This means that the fastest your applications calls Python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  adds up. This means that the more your application calls Python
```

  functions the bigger the overhead will be.
- The allocation registering code. This is the main source of the overhead.
  Every time your application makes a memory allocation or deallocation,

>   ``memray`` needs to register it. This means that the faster your application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``memray`` needs to register it. This means that the more frequently your application
```

  allocates memory, the bigger the overhead will be. Tracking Python allocators

>   will greatly increase this overhead because the Python allocator are used for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  will greatly increase this overhead because the Python allocator is used for
```

>   small, short lived objects which means that is generally called with very high

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  small, short lived objects which means that it's generally called with very high
```

  frequency.

Results
-------

The following plots show the overhead of running ``memray`` over different test
cases using violin plots. Each row corresponds to the result of a given test.
For a given row, the continuos vertical line in the middle corresponds to the
**mean** while the two dashed vertical vars at the left and right of the mean
correspond to the **10% and 90% quantiles**.  The shaded area represents the
distribution of the data, with thicker areas indicating a higher density of data

> points. The **ALL** row corresponds to the distribution of all the results of all the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
points. The **ALL** row corresponds to the distribution of all the results across all the
```
